Update README: Feature Sections (#3712)
gitkraken/vscode-gitlens: README.md

| [Contributors](#contributors- 'Jump to Contributors')
| [License](#license 'Jump to License')

# Discover Powerful Workflows

> There are a variety of features in GitLens - below are the three most popular workflows users are leveraging to improve their developer productivity:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitLens offers a wide range of features—here are the three most popular workflows that users rely on to boost their productivity:
```

> - [**Interactive Code History**](#interactive-code-history) &mdash; Understanding code can be challenging in repos with multiple branches and contributors. Get the context you need with blame, hovers, file annotations, and more. That's just the start - the GitLens Commit Graph allows you to create branches, rebase, revert, and much more right from the interactive visual; all with a rich search feature. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Interactive Code History**](#interactive-code-history) &mdash; Understanding code in repositories with multiple branches and contributors can be difficult. GitLens provides the context you need with tools like blame, hovers, and file annotations. But it doesn’t stop there—the interactive Commit Graph lets you create branches, rebase, revert, and more, all with powerful search capabilities. 
```

💡 On an active file, use the `Toggle File Blame`, `Toggle File Changes`, and `Toggle File Heatmap` commands from the Command Palette to turn the annotations on and off.

## Commit Graph `Pro`

Easily visualize your repository and keep track of all work in progress.

Use the rich commit search to find exactly what you're looking for. Its powerful filters allow you to search by a specific commit, message, author, a changed file or files, or even a specific code change. [Learn more](https://gitkraken.com/solutions/commit-graph?utm_source=gitlens-extension&utm_medium=in-app-links)

<figure align="center">

>   <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gitkraken/vscode-gitlens/main/images/docs/commit-graph.png" alt="Commit Graph" />

Reviewer: @eatmorespinach not a deal-breaker for the release, but this image is outdated and doesn't include the new filter option that will show only commits in the graph that match the search query.

  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gitkraken/vscode-gitlens/main/images/docs/revision-navigation.gif" alt="Revision Navigation" />
</figure>

# Accelerate PR Reviews

PR Reviews can take time and require context switching between GitHub, email, and your IDE. Launchpad consolidates PRs into an actionable hub where you can manage them all in one place. Seamlessly prioritize tasks and identify bottlenecks - all within VS Code when you integrate your Github or host provider. Work on multiple branches simultaneously with Worktrees — hotfixes, new features, or experiments without disrupting your main workspace.

## Launchpad `Pro`

Launchpad brings all of your GitHub pull requests into a unified, actionable list to better track work in progress, pending work, reviews, and more. Stay focused and take action on the most important items to keep your team unblocked. [Learn more](https://gitkraken.com/solutions/launchpad?utm_source=gitlens-extension&utm_medium=in-app-links)

<figure align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gitkraken/vscode-gitlens/main/images/docs/launchpad.png" alt="Launchpad" />
</figure>

## Worktrees `Pro`

> Efficiently multitask by minimizing the context switching between branches, allowing you to easily work on different branches of a repository simultaneously.

Reviewer: @eatmorespinach worktrees still require context switching (you have to switch between them to do work), but the main benefit is that they allow you to switch contexts without interrupting your because you don't need to stash/commit current changes or leave your current branch.

```suggestion
Worktrees enable efficient multitasking by allowing you to work on multiple branches without stashing changes or leaving your current branch. They preserve your workflow while letting you shift focus when needed. For example, you can easily review a pull request on a worktree in a separate VS Code window with GitLens.
```

> Avoid interrupting your work in progress when needing to review a pull request. Simply create a new worktree and open it in a new VS Code window, all without impacting your other work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

<figure align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gitkraken/vscode-gitlens/main/images/docs/worktrees.png" alt="Worktrees view" />
</figure>

# Streamline Collaboration

> GitLens is more than a solo dev tool - it's built to improve developver collaboration. It's not always easy to share code without adding commits and branches that end up bloating your repo. With the use of Cloud Patches and Code Suggest, GitLens offers the ability to easily share code or suggest code changes to any file in the repository without needing to commit or push it to remote. 

Reviewer: Call back to the section earlier with some simplification of the description of Cloud Patches and Code Suggest since we're getting ready to talk about them next.

```suggestion
GitLens isn’t just for solo developers—it’s designed to enhance team collaboration. Sharing code can be tricky without adding noise to your repository with extra commits or branches. GitLens simplifies this with Cloud Patches and Code Suggest, letting you share or propose changes to any file in the repository without committing or pushing to a remote.
```

## Cloud Patches `Preview`

> Easily and securely share code changes with your teammates or other developers by creating a Cloud Patch from your WIP, commit or stash and sharing the generated link. Use Cloud Patches to collaborate early for feedback on direction, approach, and more, to minimize rework and streamline your workflow. [Learn more](https://gitkraken.com/solutions/cloud-patches?utm_source=gitlens-extension&utm_medium=in-app-links)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Easily and securely share code changes by creating a Cloud Patch from your work-in-progress, commit, or stash, and sharing a link with teammates or other developers. Cloud Patches enable early collaboration for feedback on direction and approach, reducing rework and streamlining your workflow. [Learn more](https://gitkraken.com/solutions/cloud-patches?utm_source=gitlens-extension&utm_medium=in-app-links)
```

## Code Suggest `Preview`

> Liberate your code reviews from GitHub's restrictive, comment-only feedback style. Like suggesting changes on a Google-doc, suggest code changes from where you're already coding — your IDE and on anything in your project, not just on the lines of code changed in the PR. [Learn more](https://gitkraken.com/solutions/code-suggest?utm_source=gitlens-extension&utm_medium=in-app-links)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Break free from GitHub's limited, comment-only review feedback. With GitLens, you can suggest code changes directly from your IDE, just like editing a Google Doc. Provide feedback on any part of your project during a review—not just the lines changed in a PR. [Learn more](https://gitkraken.com/solutions/code-suggest?utm_source=gitlens-extension&utm_medium=in-app-links)
```
